#!/bin/bash

mkdir -p ~/.vimbundles
cd ~/.vimbundles

get_bundle() {
  (
  if [ -d "$1" ]; then
    echo "Updating $2's $1"
    cd "$1"
    git pull --rebase
  else
    git clone "git://github.com/$2/$1.git"
  fi
  )
}

get_bundle ack.vim mileszs
get_bundle bufexplorer markabe
get_bundle nerdcommenter scrooloose
get_bundle nerdtree scrooloose
get_bundle tabular godlygeek
get_bundle VimClojure vim-scripts
get_bundle vim-abolish tpope
get_bundle vim-bufonly duff
get_bundle vim-coffee-script kchmck
get_bundle vim-cucumber tpope
get_bundle vim-endwise tpope
get_bundle vim-fugitive tpope
get_bundle vim-git tpope
get_bundle vim-haml tpope
get_bundle vim-harbor chrisgibson
get_bundle vim-idleFingers shinzui
get_bundle vim-irblack wgibbs
get_bundle vim-jade digitaltoad
get_bundle vim-javascript pangloss
get_bundle vim-json leshill
get_bundle vim-markdown tpope
get_bundle vim-pathogen tpope
get_bundle vim-pyte therubymug
get_bundle vim-rake tpope
get_bundle vim-ragtag tpope
get_bundle vim-rails tpope
get_bundle vim-repeat tpope
get_bundle vim-ruby vim-ruby
get_bundle vim-speeddating tpope
get_bundle vim-slurper alowe
get_bundle vim-surround tpope
get_bundle vim-taglist chrismetcalf
get_bundle vim-unimpaired tpope
get_bundle vim-vividchalk tpope
